# The-role-of-social-cues-in-infant-word-segmentation-when-interacting-with-a-Furhat-Robot

This project investigated the role of social cues on infants' word segmentation when interacting with a furhat robot. We used a classical speech segmentation paradigm, modified such that a Furhat robot spoke the text. There were two familiarization conditions: one in which the Furhat recited text passages containing two target words while maintaining "eye contact" with the infants, and one in which the Furhat did not express any social cues. Afterwards, infants were tested for their recognition of target words vs. novel words. 
This repository contains all code required to replicate the experiment. 
There are four different skills: for the word pairs Gelfen–Pansel and Dinken–Tompel, each was presented in both a social and a control version.
In the social conditions there is a skripted interaction between the Furhat and the experimenter. It begins with the experimenter greeting the Furhat robot and introducing herself and the infant. The robot and experimenter exchanged personal details, such as favorite colors, and each imitated a gesture from the other. The Furhat displayed default microexpressions, including blinks, subtle facial movements, and small, continuous gaze shifts mimicking saccades, while alternating gaze between the experimenter and infant. Then the Furhat recites textpassages containing one of the two nonword pairs. After the passages the robot says good bye and falls asleep. In the control condition the experimenter acts out the same interaction but the robot is programmed to ignore all utterances until the promt to initiate the text passages. Microexpressions are disabled and the gaze is fixed to (x:0.0, y:-0.7,z: 2.0). For the passages lip movements are enabled. 
